vibe: prompt model to produce python
vise: prompt codex to build agentic harness

vscode
set up Azure VPN Client connection
	create P2SRootCert
	create P2SClient certificate
	sign P2SClient with P2SRootCert
	in Azure portal, copy paste the public P2SRootCert key into Point-to-Site
set up ssh connection
	in azure portal copy the VM's private ip address 172.16.0.4
	create codex-vscode in .ssh
	create codex-vscode.pub in .ssh
	install ssh extension in vscode
	connect vscode to remote using codex-vscode
test
	open powershell in windows local
	Test-NetConnection -ComputerName 172.16.0.4 -Port 22
	ssh -i $env:USERPROFILE\.ssh\codex-vscode azureuser@172.16.0.4


github
    ViseCodex repo for harness development setup
        readme
        harness flowchart image    
    repos for codex-generated harness code 

debug
    connection to openai
    openai api key
    run the agent on the ubuntu VM


prompt
Create an agentic harness in python using the attached flowchart document.
The harness shall ingest oil and gas lease JIB (Joint Interest Billing) pdf files.
In addition to the JIB, the harness shall also ingest oil and gas lease Run Statement pdf files.
The harness shall use the OpenAI Agents SDK.
The harness shall loop executing these steps:
Step 1
Retrieve a JIB pdf file from the user, if not available go to Step 5.
Step 2
Description of fields to parse in the JIB pdf file: 
JIB Master Fields (the JIB summary)
	• The check number of the payment made to the operator, if available
	• The date the vendor was paid, if available
	• The vendor name
	• The vendor information 
	• The date of the JIB
JIB Detail Fields (the JIB line items)
	• Each line item is a lease, and contains the following values:
		◘ The account name = one of the following: Lease Operating Expense, Lease Equipment, Taxes, Admin Fees, Office Rent, Postage, Office Supplies.
		◘ The total amount for the lease for that account.
		◘ A memo for the lease = the month for the operating cost charge.
		◘ The class = the lease name.
Parse the JIB in two parallel stages:
    Stage-2a (text extraction): 
	• Read the JIB pdf file.
	• Parse JIB pdf text into JIB Master Fields and JIB Detail Fields described above.
    Stage-2b (vision extraction): 
	• Convert the JIB pdf file to an image file, using pdf2image.
	• Parse the JIB image/OCR input into JIB Master Fields and JIB Detail Fields described above.
	Note: Use a frontier LLM model if needed to parse image/OCR.
Step 3
Compare Stage-2a fields to Stage-2b fields, to verify all parsed fields agree.
Step 4
If all fields in GLPayload1 and GLPayload2 match, and the lease is active, create the excel csv.
This excel csv shall not allow macros.
Otherwise, route to Human-In-The-Loop, and flag the discrepancies.

Step 5
Retrieve a Run Statement pdf file from the user.
Step 6
Description of fields to parse in the Run Statement pdf file: 
Run Master Fields (the Run Statement summary)
	• The check number of the check deposited
	• The date of the check deposited
	• The amount of the check deposited
	• The net amount of the run statement
	• The gross amount of the run statement
	• The total taxes of the run statement
	• The owner name
	• The owner information 
	• The date of the Run Statement
Run Detail Fields (the Run Statement line items)
	• Each line item is a lease, and contains the following values:
		◘ The account name = one of the following: Lease Net WI, Lease Gross WI, Taxes, Deductions.
		◘ The total amount for the lease for that account.
		◘ A memo for the lease = the barrels of oil, or cubic feet of gas.
		◘ The class = the lease name.
Parse in two parallel stages:
    Stage-6a (text extraction): 
	• Read the Run Statement pdf file.
	• Parse Run Statement pdf text Run Master Fields and Run Detail Fields described above.
    Stage-6b (vision extraction): 
	• Convert the Run Statement pdf file to an image file, using pdf2image.
	• Parse the Run Statement image/OCR input into Run Master Fields and Run Detail Fields described above.
	Note: Use a frontier LLM model if needed to parse image/OCR.
Step 7
Compare Stage-7a fields to Stage-7b fields, to verify all parsed fields agree.
Step 8
If all fields in GLPayload1 and GLPayload2 match, and the lease is active, create the excel csv.
This excel csv shall not allow macros.
Otherwise, route to Human-In-The-Loop, and flag the discrepancies.

Design Choices
Validation is intentionally strict: malformed data or invalid numbers raise errors instead of silently passing.
The matching layer (Step 2) is deterministic and compares exact values rather than fuzzy tolerances.
Lease verification defaults to inactive when the external service does not respond clearly.
Manual review is favored any time a mismatch validation signal appears.
